Notable changes (#2429)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/notable-changes/1.22.1/zones-discovery.md

> # Updating Kyma Environment Broker: Zones Discovery

Author: Is the name `Updating Kyma Environment Broker` okay?

> # Updating Kyma Environment Broker: Zones Discovery

Reviewer: Title is ok, I was talking about file itself. Maybe something like notable-change.md

              eu-central-1:
                displayName: eu-central-1 (Europe, Frankfurt)
                zones: [a, b, c]
              us-east-1:
                displayName: us-east-1 (US East, N. Virginia)
                zones: [a, b, c, d, f]
              eu-west-1:
                displayName: eu-west-1 (Europe, Ireland)
                zones: [a]
        ```
    - Zones Discovery configuration
        ```yaml
        providersConfiguration:
          aws:
            regionsSupportingMachine:
              g6:
                us-west-2:
                eu-central-1:
                ap-south-1:
                us-east-1:
              g4dn:
                eu-central-1:
                eu-west-2:
                us-east-1:
                ap-south-1:
                us-west-2:
            regions:
              eu-central-1:
                displayName: eu-central-1 (Europe, Frankfurt)
              us-east-1:
                displayName: us-east-1 (US East, N. Virginia)
              eu-west-1:
                displayName: eu-west-1 (Europe, Ireland)
            zonesDiscovery: true
        ```
4. Save and apply the updated configuration.

## Post-Update Steps

> 1. Monitor the KEB logs for any warnings about static zone configuration being ignored.

Reviewer: include example

> # Updating Kyma Environment Broker – Zones Discovery

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Updating Kyma Environment Broker: Zones Discovery
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This is an optional change. Operators can enable Zones Discovery for AWS by updating the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This is an optional change. To enable Zones Discovery for AWS, update the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) configuration.
```

## Prerequisites

> Ensure that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- The Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) is configured to use the AWS provider.

## What's Changed

> The [Zones Discovery](../../contributor/03-55-zones-discovery.md) feature allows KEB to dynamically retrieve available zones from the hyperscaler (currently only AWS) instead of relying on statically configured zones in the `providersConfiguration`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the [Zones Discovery](../../contributor/03-55-zones-discovery.md) feature, KEB can dynamically retrieve available zones from the hyperscaler (currently only AWS) instead of relying on statically configured zones in the `providersConfiguration`.
```

## Procedure

1. Open the KEB configuration file.
2. Locate the AWS provider configuration under `providersConfiguration.aws`.
3. Replace the old static configuration with the new simplified format.

> Example: Old Configuration (static zones)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Static zones configuration
```
